LICENSE AGREEMENT: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

IMPORTANT NOTICE. Read this License Agreement carefully before downloading or
using this Software. BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THS SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS SOFTARE, DO
NOT USE THIS SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY, AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE SOFTWARE (AND ALL
WRITTEN MATERIALS AND CONTAINERS) TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED THEM OR
DELETE OR DESTROY ANY COPIES OF THIS SOFTWARE IN YOUR POSSESSION.

LICENSE. Kroll Ontrack Inc. or any subsidiary ("Kroll Ontrack") grants you a
non-exclusive, non-commercial personal use license to use this software and any
associated documentation ("Software") as indicated herein. The Software is
designed and Licensed for use on a single computer. The Software is in "use" on
a single computer when it has been loaded into temporary memory (i.e. RAM) or
installed into permanent memory (e.g. hard disk or other storage device) of
that computer. Use of the Software on multiple computers is not permitted. You
may transfer your license rights to another with the written permission of
Kroll Ontrack, only under the following conditions: You must transfer a copy of
this License Agreement, all documentation, and at least one complete, unaltered
copy of the Software to the other party. You must, at the same time, either
transfer all your other copies of the Software to the other party or destroy
them.

OTHER RESTRICTIONS. You shall not: (a) remove any product identification,
copyright notices, or other notices or proprietary restrictions from the
Software; (b) transfer, rent, lease, sublicense, copy, or distribute the
Software; (c) cause or permit reverse engineering, disassembly, decompilation
or alteration of this software; or (d) permit use of the Software in a: (i)
computer service business; (ii) network; (iii) timesharing; or (iv) multiple
CPU or multiple user arrangement unless all CPUs and/or users are properly
individually or site licensed by Kroll Ontrack.

TERM. This License is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any
time by destroying the Software, together with all copies thereof.  This
license will also terminate if you fail to comply with any term or condition of
this Agreement. Upon such termination, you agree to destroy the Software,
together with all copies thereof.

COPYRIGHT/OWNERSHP. This Software and its source code are proprietary products
of Kroll Ontrack and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property
laws. The Software is licensed and not sold. You acquire only the right to use
the Software and do not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Software
or media containing the Software other than those specified in this License.
Kroll Ontrack shall at all times retain all rights, title, interest, including
intellectual property rights, in the Software and media.

TRADEMARKS. ONTRACK, DISK MANAGER, and other Kroll Ontrack brand and product
names referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Kroll
Ontrack Inc. and/or its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries.
All other brands and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of
their respective holders.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You agree to comply fully with all laws and regulations of
the United States and other countries (Export Laws) to assure that neither the
Software, nor any direct products thereof are (1) exported, directly or
indirectly, in violation of Export Laws, or (2) are used for any purpose
prohibited by Export Laws, including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or
biological weapons proliferation.

None of the Software or underlying information or technology may be downloaded
or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of)
Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Yugoslavia, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Syria or any other
country to which the US. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By downloading or using the
Software, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are representing and
warranting that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or
resident of any such country or on any such list.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED "AS IS" AND YOU, ITS
USER, ASSUME ALL RISKS WHEN DOWNLOADING OR USING IT. THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE. KROLL ONTRACK DISCLAIMS
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
KROLL ONTRACK DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE IS NON-INFRINGING, THAT IT
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT ITS OPERATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED,
ERROR-FREE OR VIRUS FREE. IN NO EVENT SHALL KROLL ONTRACK BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (WHICH SHALL INCLUDE WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS
OF BUSINESS OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY,
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF KROLL
ONTRACK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO
THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

GOVERNING LAW: You agree this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Minnesota, excluding (i) that body of law known as conflicts of law,
and (ii) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the Sale of Goods, and
each party hereto submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of that
State. You further agree that this agreement is the complete and exclusive
statement of the agreement between you and Kroll Ontrack relating to the use of
this Software.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. In the event the Federal Acquisition
Regulations (FAR) or DFARS is applicable to this Agreement, the Software is
provided only with Restricted Rights as defined in paragraph 52.227-19 or
paragraph 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii), respectively (or a comparable or successor
clause to either), as applicable.

Contractor/manufacturer is Kroll Ontrack Inc., 9023 Columbine Road, Eden
Prairie, MN 55347.

Copyright Â© 1996-2004 Kroll Ontrack Inc., All rights reserved.

DM04012004
